I still felt her explode in my sleep. I always felt like she was in a story. If not she was Lu Lu’s son, how could she be that person?
How is the contact with arms dealer Boss Xu?
The deal has been negotiated and Alone Army has already received a call from Boss Xu by now as planned.
So I was prepared to wait for the deal to be completed and leave the private secrets full of weapons on land.
Subordinates understand
Du Jun
father
Just rub it on
uncle
So I went to see Boss Xu
good
I will pay you seventy gold bars for these words.
Boss Xu can go to Fengtian City to inquire about Brain Ladder.
Who else can afford this house?
Sister-in-law
If you can stay with me enough, well be together
I can do this
Burn fifty sticks for you
Xu Yuanshan
Dont get too close to the pool
No
Dont be impulsive
What about left discussion?
What matters is that a combination of tools creates talent
Read the military hands antithesis to make money by combining weapons
Besides, Yaner went to Beijing for a five-year career
If this matter gets spread today,
Thats also a family story.
Dongyan, always come.